contributing/publishing.md, before:

# Publishing

This is a guide for publishing the Apex Plugin & Library to npm. Most contributors don't need to worry about publishing. Publishing can only be done by the Salesforce tooling team. Please contact us if there are changes that you'd like to publish.

## Prerequisites

1. Every merge to 'main' automatically gets published with a minor version upgrade. The release process detailed here applies only for the case where a major version or a patch version upgrade is required.
1. Publisher has a valid CircleCI token for the forcedotcom organization. More info on CircleCI's doc [Create a Personal API token](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/managing-api-tokens/#creating-a-personal-api-token).
1. Publisher is a part of the GitHub team 'PDT'.

## Verify Work Items

For each PR that is going to be merged to main, make sure that the following is true:

1. The affiliated work item has been QA'd and closed.
2. The work item has the appropriate scheduled build. This scheduled build value <b>must</b> match the scheduled build going out for the VS Code Extensions. It's okay that this version is not the same as the one for the Apex Plugin & Library.

## Publishing to NPM for major and patch version upgrades

To publish the changes to npm, we run the task `Publish Packages`. This task calls the script `publish-workflow.sh` and prompts the user for the required information. The publish-workflow script generates an HTTP Request to the CircleCI API. It tells CircleCI that it wants to run the `publish-workflow` from the `main` branch.

### Prerequisites

1. All staged changes have been QA'd and Closed.
1. All staged changes have the appropriate scheduled build associated with their Work Item in GUS.
1. Port PR has been merged into main and the commit-workflow has succeeded.

### Steps

1. Open the Command Palette (press Ctrl+Shift+P on Windows or Linux, or Cmd+Shift+P on macOS).
1. Search for `Tasks: Run Task`.
1. Select `Publish Packages`.
1. Enter your CircleCI Token.
1. Once the request has been sent, approve the workflow in CircleCI. <b>Note</b>: Only members of the GitHub team 'PDT' can approve the workflow.

Commit message:

Remove CLI Plugin   (#304)
* chore: removed plugin using git rm

* chore: moved apex node to top lvl using git mv

* chore: remove circle and lerna stuff

* chore: add glob needed for build

* refactor: fix launch.json after removing plugin

* chore: add conventional changelog

* refactor: update name

* chore: update readme

* chore: trying to get linting sorted

* chore: get lint run task working

* chore: fix lint error

* chore: update dev.md

* chore: bump eslint to match templates

* chore: keep eslint and plugin on same version

* refactor: bump down to warn until can be fixed

* refactor: remove unneeded

* fix: update mocha to v10 and add missing dep

* fix: make nyc work again

* chore: add needed dependencies

* chore: update node v to match vsce

* chore: update nvmrc to match

* refactor: use yarn to pkg

* refactor: fix format script

* chore: remove circle from gitignore

* chore: update tasks to use yarn

* chore: update port script path

* chore: update git2gus config

* chore: update publishing doc, rm port script

* refactor: add npx

* chore: move developing doc into dir

* refactor: revert dev changes

* refactor: get run current test back in

* refactor: get launch json back near orig

* chore: update readme

* chore: update developing.md

* chore: update link

* refactor: update cap

* chore: remove task added during dev

* refactor: put protocol prop back in configs

* chore: bump core to match what is in vsce pkgs

* refactor: add MacOS path style

* refactor: add MacOS path style

Co-authored-by: Gordon Bockus <gbockus@salesforce.com>

contributing/publishing.md, after:

# Publishing

This is a guide for publishing the @salesforce/apex-node library to npm. Most contributors don't need to worry about publishing. Publishing can only be done by the Salesforce tooling team. Please contact us if there are changes that you'd like to publish.

## Prerequisites

1. Every merge to 'main' automatically gets published with a minor version upgrade. The release process detailed here applies only for the case where a major version or a patch version upgrade is required.
1. Publisher has a valid CircleCI token for the forcedotcom organization. More info on CircleCI's doc [Create a Personal API token](https://circleci.com/docs/2.0/managing-api-tokens/#creating-a-personal-api-token).
1. Publisher is a part of the GitHub team 'PDT'.

## Verify Work Items

For each PR that is going to be merged to main, make sure that the affiliated work item has been QA'd and closed.

## Publishing to NPM

When a commit is merged to main, we will automatically create the github release, and then publish the changes to npm using our Github Actions.

## Publishing to NPM for major and patch version upgrades manually

### Prerequisites

1. All staged changes have been QA'd and Closed.
1. All staged changes have an associated Work Item in GUS.
1. The commit-workflow has succeeded.

### Steps

1. Navigate to the `Actions` tab in the repository
1. Under `Workflows` on the left side, select `Publish`.
1. Select `Run Workflow` on the top row.
1. Enter the desired version number, following semantic versioning.
1. Select `Run Workflow`, and ensure the newest version is published to npm once the workflow completes.
1. Any failures will notify the appropriate Slack channel internally.
